= gitan

This gem provides some commands to manage multiple git repositories.
'gitan status' shows status of every git repository.
  - multiple branch?
  - changes to be staged?
  - changes to be commited?
  - changes to be pushed?
  - updates on remote repository? (when --remote option is used)

'gitan commit' commits on all git repositories that has changes to be commited.
'gitan push' pushes on all git repositories that has changes to be pushed.
'gitan pull' pulles on all git repositories that has updates on remote repository.
The repositories that have no changes are ignored.

== Installation
If you want to use --remote options, install gitan at remote host and enable to execute 'gitan heads'.

== Usage
Execute 'gitan --help'.

== Contributing to gitan
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 ippei94da. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

